fucking demon baby antichrist fucking 60 year old 6 year old bowl cut looking ass bitch, http://i.imgur.com/AtKiLxT.png
shit the fuck up you fat piece of dirt!!, http://i.imgur.com/WGqCCDb.png
can't flim flam the unicham, http://i.imgur.com/w4KJbOP.png
what'd id do to be a wall on that chatroom wall hehe, http://i.imgur.com/2dNgffO.png
you look like a dying old woman and a underage girl at the same damn time got a nigga fucked up, http://i.imgur.com/L1blxcw.png
i played football in high school and will fucking bodyslam you gay boy, http://i.imgur.com/k5ZfDyr.png
boxxyfan detected, http://i.imgur.com/C0tWkqE.gif
yew look like an old leather bag, http://i.imgur.com/udH94T8.png
you slimy anal munk, http://i.imgur.com/dt9TRci.png
Shut up, you'll never be the man your mother is.
You must have been born on a highway, because that's where most accidents happen.
You're a failed abortion whose birth certificate is an apology from the condom factory.
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork. :fork_and_knife:
Your family tree is a cactus, because everybody on it is a prick. :cactus:
You're so ugly Hello Kitty said goodbye to you.
You're so ugly that when your mama dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid.
Do you have to leave so soon? I was just about to poison the tea. :tea:
You're so ugly when you popped out the doctor said 'aww, what a treasure!' and your mom said 'yeah, lets bury it!'
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
I hear when you were a child your mother wanted to hire somebody to take care of you, but the mafia wanted too much.
Out of 100,000 sperm, you were the fastest?
I would ask how old you are, but I know you can't count that high.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and crap out a smarter comeback than what you just said. :hankey:
When you were born, the police arrested your dad, the doctor slapped your mom, animal control euthanized your brother, and A&E made a documentary that saved your life.
Your mamma so fat she has to wear 2 watches because she covers two time zones. :watch:
You must be the arithmetic man; you add trouble, subtract pleasure, divide attention, and multiply ignorance.
You're so fat the only letters of the alphabet you know are KFC.
You're so fat you need cheat codes to play Wii Fit.
With a face like yours, I wish I was blind.
Why don't you check up on eBay and see if they have a life for sale. :moneybag:
Is that your face? Or did your neck just throw up?
The only positive thing about you is your HIV status.
Here's 20 cents, call all your friends and give me back the change. :moneybag:
Your mom is so stupid she tried to wake a sleeping bag.
Your mom is so fat when she jumped in the ocean the whales :whale: :whale2: started singing 'We Are Family' :notes:
Can I borrow your face? My arse is on holiday.
Your mom is so fat, when she went to a doctor, she stepped on a scale and the doctor said "Hey, that's my phone number".
"At least when I do a handstand my stomach does not hit me in the face.
You have something on your chin... no, the 3rd one down
How many times do I need to flush to get rid of you?
I bet your brain feels as good as new, seeing that you never use it.
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and shit out a smarter statement than that.
I do not exactly hate you, but if you were on fire and I had water, I would drink it.
I have neither the time nor the crayons to explain this to you.
I may love to shop but I am not buying your bullshit.
I was not born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel about you.
I would like to see things from your point of view but I cannot seem to get my head that far up my ass.
I would slap you, but shit stains.
I am no proctologist, but I know an asshole when I see one.
I am not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
If I wanted to kill myself I would climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
If I were to slap you, it would be considered animal abuse!
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
If you are going to be two faced, at least make one of them pretty.
If you are gonna be a smartass, first you have to be smart. Otherwise you are just an ass.
Is your ass jealous of the amount of shit that just came out of your mouth?
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
It is better to let someone think you are an idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
I am jealous of all the people that have not met you!
Maybe if you ate some of that makeup you could be pretty on the inside.
Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?
Roses are red, violets are blue, I have 5 fingers, the 3rd ones for you.
Shut up, you will never be the man your mother is.
Somewhere out there is a tree, tirelessly producing oxygen so you can breathe. I think you owe it an apology.
The last time I saw a face like yours I fed it a banana.
The only way you will ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken ass and wait.
Two wrongs do not make a right, take your parents as an example.
Well I could agree with you, but then we would both be wrong.
What are you going to do for a face when the baboon wants his butt back?
You are so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
You bring everyone a lot of joy, when you leave the room.
You must have been born on a highway because that is where most accidents happen.
You should not play hide and seek, no one would look for you.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.


